start to complain about China is getting
too competitive in it export and some
people are saying that China is
exporting deflation apparently um
especially with the US China trade
tension. Um some other economies start
to worry about they might see more
inflow of Chinese goods that could to
some extent um put some pressure on
their um domestic manufacturing. So
what's your view on this? I do believe
that there is a structural issue at
heart that needs to be solved over time
for the benefit of China and for the
rest of the world and indeed to maintain
China's position as a global player in
the world that the model is steered
towards scaling up supply. Right? the
whole the local governments are not
incentivized to spend as much on social
services as they are in nurturing
champions whether it's BYD or NEO or
deepseek although deepseek is not
actually backed by local governments but
the idea plan exactly the idea is to
nurture these kind of companies but they
really should be spending more on social